Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2832618
Professor: Ali Ibrahim — Computer Science department


I took Data Science with this professor. He explains everything step by step, and if you have any questions—even from other classes—he is always willing to help. He teaches very well and grades fairly. As long as you complete your projects during the semester, that's usually enough to get an A.

Somehow he has everything memorized, he's not even looking at notes when he's lecturing. He will just write out big formulas from his head. This class is important if you want to understand transformers in large language models, the material builds up to it. Cosine similarity is the most important concept in this class.

Great prof. He wants you to pass the course with A. The course material is hard but the professor simplify it. He has 5 assignments and all of them are projects which make me understand the concept more.

Great prof!no tests,one quiz,rest all hw,got easy 100s for everything as long as you complete the hw, really cares that you understand the topic,helpful for office hours as well, notes on notability so it's clear, record on zoom as well, while challenging class, he simplifies as much as possible, best part was that hw was reallife scenario problems

The class is only graded on 5 assignments throughout the semester. The datasets he provides are HUGE and running some of the machine learning algorithms takes forever to compile. I like to think I had a decent computer but a certain assignment took hours, just waiting for the compiler to finish. His lectures are a bit boring but straightforward

Professor Ibrahim has showed time and time again that he cares about the students and them achieving high grades. Even though some assignments felt like the time frame we had to do them were short, he always graciously gave us extensions to assure we'd be able to do our best.

Dr. Ali Ibrahim is an outstanding professor for Introduction to Data Mining, making complex concepts like machine learning, dimensionality reduction, and data analysis approachable. I like his teaching style. The only thing is his heavy accent but it's not issue.

Professor Ibrahim is tough to rate because he's a great person, he's nice, caring, he wants you to pass the course, and all that but the way he teaches is rough. His handwriting is terrible, he goes into so much unnecessary math, and he rambles on a lot. The assignments are in Python but the lectures are all PHD level math for some reason.




