Source: https://www.coursicle.com/fau/?professor=Ankur+Agarwal&type=reviews
Professor: Ankur Agarwal — Computer Science department


Avoid this guy if you can.  He didnt use the book on the syllabus instead using a newer book.  He assigned some questions that are in his book.  Very slow in grading assignments and responding to emails.  Not always organized.  Very critical of the students and intimidating personality.  It will be a long 4 months if you take him.

I really dont agree with the rest of the posts.He is an awesome teacher, always upto the point. Crystal clear explanation. Doesnt waste time.Always willing to go over if we dont understand.He has office in Boca and willing to help.Take him if you want to learn.Infact I wished he taught microprocessor, unfortunately he is not next semester.

Professor was relatively inattentive towards the class over the course of the semester. Very few assignments were posted in the interim period between February and April, thus resulting in most of the assignments coming in during the last month of the term. Does not answer emails on a consistent basis. Uses a hopelessly-outmoded textbook.

The majority of this class was teamwork. We had to create, develop, and fulfill a project. Make sure to get a good team.The lectures were interesting and useful, but it was a very long class. Definitely don't take him online. He notoriously never answers his email, and wasn't in office hours the few times I went. He is a VERY easy grader.

If you have software development experience and take live classes, you may be fine. I had neither and it was a nightmare. Most of your grade comes from a team project (people have to form their own teams) and the team you end up on controls your destiny. Communication of critical information was often lacking, and grading is slow.

Prof is good at explaining things during lecture, and he will not re-explain basics that he covered previously. He's willing to meet with you and try to help you with any technical difficulties you might be having. The only frustrating downside was how difficult it was to contact him. Claims he receives 100s/day and so he hardly answer his emails.






