Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2963915
Professor: Chang Hwan-Lee — Computer Science department

His grading system remains the most confusing out of all mankind.


This professor sets up his midterm in such a needlessly complicated, glitch heavy way that could easily have been done in in person. This professor is so strict that he is dismissive of student's struggles, not caring about the situations students are in. He does not care about students. Do not take this professor at all costs.


BEWARE! Exams were designed to be impossible to finish "to prevent cheating," but students were still penalized for not finishing. Promised a curve that did not change grades. Poor communication, unclear grading, and a draining, disorganized class. Avoid unless you want to fight for your grade all semester!!!

This professor is an awesome person, however, a really bad professor. Seems like the nicest guy, yet his lectures made everyone in the class leave, by the end we only had around 5-7 students in the lectures. Very math based course, fast paced with bad explanations. If you can follow along, he's a great person, otherwise... avoid.

AVOID! He doesn't make an effort at all to ensure the class is passable. Lectures are long, hard to understand, and he doesn't go over fundamentals at all. Half of the time, lectures feel like watching someone figure out the material. Tests are on paper and he gives no sort of study guide, just HWs that he takes weeks to grade, and without feedback.

Dr. Lee's CAP 5625 class consisted of 5 long homework assignments. His lectures are optional because he posts lecture slides on Canvas. The grading is fairly lenient, and Dr. Lee responds to his emails relatively quickly. His lecture style is dry as sandpaper, but the course was reasonably paced, and I learned a lot.

Dr. Lee's accent makes the class a bit hard to follow but he is very clear about what he expects his students to study. The class has a group project that helps to learn the practical applications of the material and has a bunch of extra credit opportunities. Overall a good professor who genuinely cares about his students learning and passing.
