Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1728251
Professor: Hanqi Zhuang — Computer Science department


The professor himself is really nice and can be lenient with HW if you ask. You will have to do lots of speaking in front of the class with your group for this class and EGN4952C, but attendance isn't always mandatory. Check canvas because he'll often forget to mention assignments, but they aren't hard. Find a good group, people you get along with

I did not enjoy this class all too much. The TA made it a nightmare, and the professor did not do much about it. Make sure you pick a good group and good project so you can make the most out of ED1 and 2. Assignment and assignment, presentation after presentation, you are just exhausted by the time the semester ends.

Dude was pretty disorganized tbh, no one showed up to class unless they had to present, lenient grader, gives good feedback for assignments, but take pts off for stuff not even in rubric, gives extensions on assignments if needed, quite understanding, his lectures are useless + everything on canvas, ta was useless as well, but overall nice man

Every time I tried to speak or present in class, I was rudely cut off, as if my words didn't matter. He only engages with people who compliment him or discuss topics he personally cares about. While not mean, he dismisses projects he finds unimportant and often goes off-topic with unrelated discussions.

The Professor is knowledgeable and insightful, however, his classes suffer from a lack of structure which made the course feel unorganized. He expects a certain quality of work from the students which often times is not defined and at times last minute adjustments were made to assignments which felt hasty. To his credit, he is not a harsh grader.

The rudest professor I have met at FAU. Hated our group because 3/5 of us had jobs and couldn't attend. Interrupted me in the middle of my presentation to say he didn't want most of our group to come to his next class, which everyone is required to do regardless. Way too disrespectful for one of the last required classes for the CS major.

He is a laid back professor. I had him for ED1, and when I and my group were late for projects he would let us submit late with a small penalty. The only bad thing is that all project require android studios, which I find useless. I do not know what his obsession with Android Studios is, but I had a lot of trouble with Android Studios.


