Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2950560
Professor: Juan Yepes — Computer Science department

His grading system remains the most confusing out of all mankind.


I had taken Juan Yepes for three classes (Intro to Programming with Python, Foundations of Computing, and Intro to Data Science), I fully recommend taking his classes. Super nice professor and the exams are much reliable once you fully learn the material.

One of if not the best professor I've taken at FAU. He grades really fairly and his assignments are actually fun to do. Take him over the other professors as his exams are fully multiple choice. His lectures are boring though.

Whenever I had an issue, I'd email the TA, and if they told me to ask the prof, he would never reply. There were a couple of submission errors, and even if you're in class, they want "proof" that you did it. TA would open the assignments manually, so if they were late, you'd have less time to complete them. The course itself was lengthy but useful.

Dr. Yepes was very clear with his instruction. I took over this summer and I wish I could have taken over a longer period of time. I also wish we went more in depth. He tries his best to teach such a complex subject with the time given. He fully prepares you for what are on his exams. I am totally going to take him again.

Juan Yepes was an excellent instructor. He conveys ideas very well and gives students plenty of time to do quizzes and homeworks. He is very considerate of student's time and is fair on the assignments. I would really reccomend him for Python as somebody who has had no knowledge of any computer science program previously.

He's a great professor who cares about his students' learning to program in Python. His lecturers are dynamic, he writes the code alongside us. You must attend class, as it counts toward your final grade, and you'll learn a lot from him along the way. His assignments are great for practice, and his final exam reviews everything we covered in class.
