Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1347714
Professor: Maria Petrie — Computer Science department

His grading system remains the most confusing out of all mankind.


Started off easy, but somewhere in the middle started giving a million quizzes, even if material was covered poorly for half a class. Listed as in-person class, but feels like I haven't done any in-person learning, just cramming and praying it shows up on her next insanely difficult quiz. Quiz questions often have no partial credit just big 0s.

She is a good Professor. You will have a quiz almost every week. Things might seem disorganized but as long as you try your best, you'll do well. Even if it starts rough, she gives you opportunities to pick yourself back up. She does tell you exactly what she wants you to do.

No announcement of quizzes, no clear explanation of what to expect on quizzes, quizzes given randomly without any prior announcement. Labs have little explanation, professor does not teach in class. Professor comes to class sick with contagious diseases and risks getting other students sick. Do NOT recommend at all.

Dr. Petrie is kind and understanding. She is a great person, but her class is extremely disorganized. Half of your grade relies on quizzes and the other half relies on labs (which are very difficult and tedious). There is one quiz a week. You'll spend hours studying the material because her lectures are hard to follow. Overall would avoid!

waste of time. waste of money. waste of energy. don't take this class unless you have the time to dedicate your entire life to studying it. professor can't be bothered to teach in class or even be organized. you need to teach yourself basically. if you have a job, or even other classes I would just recommend another professor. overall -100/10

Mrs. Petrie intervened to reinstate a candidate who had previously been expelled for plagiarism. She further stated that he would work directly with me. I question whether such conduct is appropriate or permissible? Petrie does not have a Florida State Educator License, I was told by the Secretary of Education of the State.
