Source: https://www.coursicle.com/fau/?professor=Mihaela+Cardei&type=reviews
Professor: Mihaela Cardei — Computer Science department


Intelligent, knowledgeable, humble, patient... and very attractive! Cardei is the best professor I've taken at FAU. She puts all her class notes online along with recordings. All of the HW and tests are from the notes. Open-book tests. Not an easy subject or class, but she puts a great effort into making the concepts easy to grasp.

The online course is perfect. This is the professor to take if you want to really learn concepts from a theoretical perspective. Everything on the quizzes and exams are nearly identical to the practice problems she goes over or an example within the lectures. Just be sure to watch every lecture INCLUDING the practice problem lectures.

This class is not easy to begin with but she does as best as she can to make it easy to digest. All her notes are online and very neatly written. The midterm and final are both based on the homework and the homework is very straightforward. She also has a very generous grading scale and she is always willing to help if you go to her office.

AMAZING teacher, if for some reason the lecture isn't clear to you (which should not be possible unless you're hearing is impaired) she will re-explain things to you in her office hours. She has an exquisite face, so even if you understand her lectures there is some benefit to having her explain it to you again in her office hours. :)

Took Automata. Very good professor, just go to all her classes and write everything down as she writes it down (i found out that if you use colored pens to write the nodes is even easier), all material she grades on are based on her notes. Very nice method of teaching for a complex subject

Dr. Mihaela Cardei is an amazing professor! Her teaching style is clear, organized, and insightful, making complex topics in Algorithms and Data Structures easy to understand. She genuinely cares about student success and is always approachable for guidance. Her classes are challenging but rewarding. Highly recommend!


