Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/105340
Professor: Taghi Khoshgoftaar — Computer Science department


I've taken this professor for three graduate courses and earned an A each time. The key is watch all lectures, as important assignment and exam details are explained there as opposed to Canvas. If you watch lectures fully, the class is manageable and gives a solid intro to research. For questions, email the TA. Overall, a good and fair professor.

Great professor who truly adds value to FAU. Expectations are high and the material is challenging, but you end up learning a lot. He pushes you to really understand concepts. Exams can go beyond lectures, so you need to study deeply. Fair grading and chances to improve. Not an easy A, but worth it.

Great professor to have experience with. He expects from students to be MIT level, which doesn't fit to FAU. I give him credit only for giving to students obstacles that make them better, lots of extra credits that you must take. Beware of the exam, he will give smth he never showed in details, I watched each lecture AT LEAST 3 times to find out

This professor should not be teaching at FAU. He is biased, confusing, and unorganized. He picked favorite students and asked them to do more than the other students just so he could give them an A. He exempted 5 people from the final and provided no clear grading criteria on any assignments, so his TA could take off as many points as he liked.

Professor spent every class bragging about how many citations he has and how he knows everything. He requires Weka which is not used at all in industry. He ignores Python & R. After providing useless and poorly communicated lecture slides for half the semester, he forces the class to watch and summarize dissertation presentations for the rest.

About to be halfway into this summer class so far and the professor has nothing graded. So no idea how I'm faring so far. The lectures feel pointless. Least clear textbook I've ever seen. Zero wiggle room on an exam date that I will be working during, so I hope that goes well. Sadly, this class was the only option I had for the summer.

Never seen a more egocentric professor in my life. I have learned more about the professor than the material. He never teaches in the class but rather goes on and on about himself. If you have an interest in machine learning and/or anything correlated to that, DO NOT, and i mean, DO NOT take this professor. You will not learn anything...

By far the worst professor at FAU. He began the class by telling us not to ask him questions. He berates students for asking totally reasonable questions. Expects you to know everything already. Grading scheme doesn't make sense. He made me write more for his class than I have ever written in my college experience combined.




